I I don't think she has the ability to
talk to foreign
leaders um I haven't seen any evidence
of that and I think that she is
susceptible to manipulation because she
doesn't have firm ideas about her own I
fear that she'll be manipulated by them
and that those entities actually want a
nuclear war this time in history if we
get a president like that um it will uh
for the next four years it may be too
late for our country to ever recover
[Music]
hello everybody so today I had the
privilege of round two with Robert F
Kennedy Jr the first time we had a
discussion which I enjoyed a lot and
thought was very worthwhile the powers
that be at YouTube decided that it was
okay for them to eradicate it which was
not something that I was happy with and
still remain unhappy about we'll see if
the same thing happens this time so we
covered a lot has changed since that
first interview um most markedly that
RFK is now allied with Donald Trump and
that's quite the strange turn of Affairs
we have a Cod of disaffected Democrats
running on the Republican side against
camela Harris and what did we talk about
well we talked a lot about why RFK was
has become disenchanted with the
Democrats and uh I had pushed him on
that issue in our
first discussion asking him for example
when the left goes too far we finally
have the answer to that question that's
in this podcast because RFK outlined
five different ways the left has gone
too far so highlighting um highlighting
what highlighting their lack of care for
free speech highlighting the fact that
they're now the party of War
highlighting the fact that they're no
longer the party the working class well
there's three ways that the left has
gone too far and that just what is
that's the tip of the iceberg we talked
a fair bit about well the policy issues
that Kennedy has been discussing with
Trump
concentrating particularly on the Health
crisis on free speech and on
International Peace and those do strike
me as three major issues that we need to
contend with um we talked about the
development of Trump's new team which is
a remarkable occurrence the fact that he
has musk the fact that he has Ramis
Swami telsey gabard and of course gabard
and of course Kennedy himself that
changes the political landscape
dramatically something the Trump team
hasn't yet capitalized on we talked a
little bit about what the union might
look like under a trump Administration
with all these remarkable people in it
so join us for all of that YouTube
censors uh
allowing so I'm very curious about the
alliance that you formed with Trump I'm
curious about whether you ever imagined
that such a thing was a likelihood and
then I'm curious about why you decided
it was a good
idea uh yeah I I never imagined such
thing was likelihood in fact I was
reading
a statement that I had forgotten I made
but I I made it repeatedly um uh in the
in the 18 month during the 18 months
when I was run after my after declaring
that I was going to
run when people often times would ask me
why don't you run with Trump and I would
say uh and then on several occasions I
was approached by the Trump
campaign about running as his
VP and um my answer to that was always
that uh that would result in a divorce
with my wife if I even if I had the
inclination to do that because it's
something that just constitutionally she
uh at that point could not have
handled and would have I think impacted
her job and would have uh and and uh
would and her friendships her
relationships her family
Etc but a lot you know we both learned a
lot during the election we saw I saw
this metamorphosis of the democratic
party um the party that I was born in or
raised in my my family has been involved
in the Democratic party since my all of
my great-grandparents came over on the
uh in 1848 uh uh during the Potato
Famine and landed in Boston and it was
the Democratic party that they came in
came over
penniless and friendless and it was the
Democratic party that provided for them
that made sure that they got food that
they got jobs um that protected them
against the uh the
reigning uh hierarchy of power in Boston
at that time which was you know run uh
by uh by uh what they call the Brahman
class which was very hostile to uh Irish
Catholics in particular and my my
great-grandfather was the first uh Irish
Catholic maross and the first let me put
it this way Irish Catholic ghetto mayor
there was one mayor before him that was
Irish Catholic but he was chosen by the
brahin and he was the first one who was
you know part of the the rebellion of
the Irish um and the ultimate takeover
of Boston and many of our other urban
areas by Irish Catholic
politicians my grandfather John
Fitzgerald who was called honey Fitz
because he had a beautiful singing voice
that sounded like
honey and his
contemporary Patrick Joseph Kennedy uh
was a state legislature political boss
in Boston their children married my uh
Rose Fitzgerald married my
grandfather Joseph Kennedy he was the
treasur from Franklin Roosevelt's
campaign he was the only Wall Street
figure who supported Roosevelt and then
he became the first commissioner of the
SEC he had political Ambitions of his
own but he he ruined those um Ambitions
by his anti-war position both in world
one and then World War
II he served as the uh as the US
ambassador to the court of St James
under Roosevelt to to Great
Britain um and then his uh his children
his son Joe who was killed during the
war gave a speech you know was would
have run for would have run and my my
grandfather Ambitions for him to be the
first Irish Catholic President he spoke
he get a gave a keynote address at the
democratic convention in 1940 my my
uncle John Kennedy became the first
Irish Catholic President of the United
States um my father served as attorney
general and then the United States
Senate and then I died I was
assassinated in his own run for
president my uncle Ted Kennedy was the
second longest serving member of the
United States Senate and so you know my
family this the the DNA of the
democratic party was baked into
my own character my identity I grew up
in the party I began campaigning when I
was uh six years old on my my uncle's
campaign I attended the convention in
Los Angeles that year and I've attended
almost every Democratic Convention since
then worked in probably a 100
campaigns and um and I was a stalwart in
the Democratic party but the Democratic
party that I grew up with changed
dramatically has changed the last year
the Democratic party I grew up in was
the party of peace my my uncle John
Kennedy he was asked by his best
friend one of his two best friends Ben
Bradley who was then the editor of
Washington Post what do you want on your
gravestone and without skipping the beat
my uncle said he kept the piece he said
the primary job of a president of the
United States was to keep the country
out of War he said he didn't want
uh children in Africa and Latin America
when they when they heard about the
United States to think about a man in a
military uniform with a gun he wanted
them to think of a Peace Corp volunteer
he wanted them to think of the Kennedy
milk program which provided nutrition to
millions of malnourished kids around the
world he wanted them to think of usaid
of Alliance for progress and these other
programs that my uncle created projected
economic power rather than military
power
abroad my uncle was under tremendous
pressure to go to war in La which he
resisted in
1961 uh to go to war in Germany uh
during the Checkpoint Charlie crisis in
' 62 to go to war against Cuba in 61
during the Bay of Pigs and then again in
' 63 during the Cuban Missile Crisis and
then to go to
Vietnam vir all of his advisers were
telling him he had to send 250,000
troops of Vietnam or the government was
collapsed and he said it's their
government we cannot fight their War for
them he ultimately under great pressure
s 16,000 military
advisers and then who were not under his
Rules of Engagement allowed to
participate in combat some of them did
in October of of um of 1963 he learned
that Green Beret had been killed in
Vietnam and he turned to his Aid wal
rosow and he said I want the casualties
a list of complete list of casualties of
us casualties rosow came back to home an
hour later with and there was 75 76
Americans that died at that point my
uncle said it's too
many and that afternoon this October
22nd
1963 he signed National Security order
263 ordering all military personnel US
military personnel out of Vietnam by
1965 with the first thousand coming home
in uh by December so that would have
been six weeks
later and then he was killed 30 days to
the date after he signed that order and
a week after that President Johnson his
successor remanded National Security
order
263 Johnson then sent 200 and 65,000
Americans to Vietnam it became our war
my father ran against that war in 1968
and he also was killed in that
process and then Nixon took over and
sent 560,000 Americans to Vietnam we
killed a million of them maybe two
million they killed 56,000 of our uh our
children including my cousin George skel
who died in the tent
offensive and and America then went down
a different path so the you know
becoming
uh a feature of the military industrial
complex which eyes now had warned
against three days before my uncle on my
birthday in
1961 three days before my uncle took the
office eyes and hour made that warning
and my uncle spent three or thousand
days of his presidency keeping us out of
war and keeping the military industrial
complex at Brad
Bay this was one of the defining
features of Democratic party we were the
party that was against War the
Republicans were the proar party we were
the party that was for civil rights
including constitutional rights and
particularly freedom of
speech which is the the the back stop
for all the other rights the United
States Constitution a country that has
the
capacity to censor its critics and has
the license for every kind of atrocity
my father understood that my understood
that that was one of the that was a
Bedrock Assumption of the democratic
party that Free Speech was if any any
constrictions on Free Speech was the
first step down the slippery slope of
totalitarianism um so is it fair to say
then that you found the Democrats at the
present time you've alluded to peace and
under Trump now the party of
War now that you know they're they're
about to get us into a a war with
so we could start by talking
about
[Music]
depression depressed people are sad and
frustrated and disappointed they tend to
feel all negative emotions
simultaneously in a manner that's
paralyzing depression is fundamentally a
biochemical disorder one of the things I
tried to determine as a good behaviorist
was whether the person who was suffering
was suffering because they were ill in
the strictly physiological sense or
whether they were suffering from the
cumulative micro and macro catastrophes
of
Life the prob ility that tossing an
anti-depressant into the mix is all of a
sudden going to fix your life that are
absolutely catastrophically out of order
is zero the more unstable your life is
the less serotonin your brain produces
and that makes you hyp sensitive to
negative emotion and suppresses positive
emotion you take the problem I'm
suffering and then you think well why
are you suffering it's exposure therapy
and then you can practice encountering
the obstacle that are stopping you and
it'll make you braver and it'll help you
deal with your problems voluntary
confrontation with the forces of
darkness and chaos is the fundamental
story of
[Music]
Life Putin has said this week yeah that
if we send missiles into into
Russia that he will consider himself to
be a war with NATO and the United States
of America and you know and he's got
more weapons than he's got this the
biggest nuclear power in the world he
1,200 more nuclear warheads than we do
and they're better than ours and his
electronic warfare system is a
generation ahead of ours as they've
shown in Ukraine they can shoot down
almost anything that we send against
them and and camela Harris during the
convention made this extraordinarily
belligerent speech that appears to have
been written by the
neocons and um and then before she went
on
a CIA director spoke immediately
before and they had militaries people
speaking at that this was inconceivable
you know when I was growing up and kamla
Harris in recent days has touted her
endorsement by dick jany Nick Cheney was
like Darth Vader if you were a democrat
in 2004 practically uh uh the the uh the
qualification for you being a Democrat
is to consider dick cheny a war criminal
ni Cheney and John Bolton who she also
touted her endorsement by and 225 other
neocons who who came out and supported
her that day dick chany and Dick and
John Bolton were the people who gave us
the Patriot Act they're the ones who
launched the surveillance State the
censorship State this the legalized
spying by the CIA and propaganda by the
CIA against the American people never
happened before it's in their CH if they
can't do that
um and Dick Cheney and then they gave us
the Iraq War which was the greatest uh
cataclysm of foreign policy cataclysm in
American history we destroyed Iraq which
was our Bull workk against Iranian
expansion the October 7th Invasion were
a direct result of our destruction of
Saddam
Hussein Iraq is now no longer a Bull
workk against Iran it is now a proxy of
Iran thanks to our war which is
exactly the foreign policy outome that
we've been struggling to avoid for 30
years we killed more Iraqis than Sodom
Hussein by far we turned Iraq into a
Waring cauldron of of Sunni and Shia
desas we created Isis we sent with that
Iraq and the spillover war in
Syria we sent between two and four
million immigrants into Europe and
destabilize every nation in Europe for a
generation emergence of totalitarianism
in Europe that right now you know the
abolition of free speech in Europe is a
direct result of the Iraq war
brexit is a direct result of the Iraq
War was a
cataclysm if you ask this Dick Cheney
Dick Cheney who gave us torture for the
first time in American history we had
this tradition in this country Against
torture George Washington even when the
British were were torturing Americans
and murdering them on on Prison ships in
Manhattan you know off Manhattan
Island Washington was asked about
torturing a a a British
prisoner who had critical information
military information he said I'd rather
lose the war than do that if we lower
ourselves that that level then what's
the point Abraham Lincoln was presented
with the same dilemma during the Civil
War and um and and said no we're not
going to do that and he wrote uh
guidelines Against torture for the US
military that later became the basis for
the Geneva Convention that is our Legacy
to the world the Geneva Convention you
don't torture people and Dick Cheney
introduced that extraordinary Renditions
openly torturing people bragging about
it if you asked Dick Cheney today do you
disavow any of those policies he would
say no I embrace him the war in Iraq was
a great thing we got rid of Saddam
Hussein it's insanity and he has not
changed so why is the endorsing come
Harris it's not because the the the
neocons have changed it's because the
Democratic party is now the party of the
neon when when I interviewed you last
time I asked you a question that I've
asked almost I think every Democrat that
I've spoken to or former Democrat which
was when does the left go too far and
you answered that in that question you
said when they align with Dick Cheney
they've gone too far that's where they
are now yeah well so this is so how do
you how do you explain I I'd like to
know what happened by the way I could go
on with that list of departures from the
Democrat yeah yeah extraordinary
inversion and you know I studied
American history in in um in college and
you know one of the ways that we study
American history is is according to
these four big realignments that happen
among the parties during different parts
of our history and we're going through
one of those real Ms
today with the Democratic the you know
the the Democratic party was the party
of civil rights is now become the party
of censorship the party of surveillance
yeah it was the party of that that was
fighting against the the the subversion
of American democracy by big
corporations by Wall Street and and uh
and you know and and
corporate uh Robert barents and Titans
today the Democratic party is the party
of Wall Street is the party of big
Pharma big Tech a big AEG a big food of
the military industrial
complex when I was a kid the Democratic
party was the party of the
poor the Republican party was the
wealthy party that's where most of the
wealth in this country 70 or 80% was in
the Republican party we were the party
of the firefighters the cops the union
leaders the uh and and it very
interesting that the Republican
convention you had for the first time in
history Shan O'Brien the president of
Teamsters Union speaking to Great
Applause I this was unheard of I I was
on tour recently with JD
Vance and we spoke at the firefighters
convention in Boston and he was he was
touting about the importance of the rep
today's Republican party for collective
bargaining which was a a criminal act in
the past to the Republicans during the
2020 election
Jordan roughly 50% the people in this
country voted for Trump and roughly 50%
voted for Biden the 50% who voted for
Trump own 30% of the wealth in this
country the 50% of voted for Biden own
70% so you the the Republican party is
the party of the poor the party of the
working class the Working Poor of unions
and and uh and the Democratic party has
been become the party of billionaires
Donald Trump chased billionaires out of
the Republican party and they've all
gone off the chase the neocons out of
the Republican party and I would also
argue Republican party is now the party
of the of true
environmentalists the the fixation that
you know and this is the the the space
that I came out of and I got into you
know environmental work of working for
commercial
fishermen on the Hudson River and then
Rivers all over the country protecting a
habitat protecting water clean air
protecting our children against toxins
and it's andrine disruptors there's a
chemical now the second most used
chemical in this country pesticide in
this country is adrine it's banned in
Europe banned all over the world but we
use it here it's in 63% of our drinking
water there's a famous African-American
scientist named Tyler Hayes who's at the
University of
Berkeley he he did a famous experiment
that anybody can look up on the
internet and it uh he put 70 African
water frogs in a an aquarium he put
atrazine in the water of that aquarium
that was less than epa's level so it's
less than the levels we have in 63% of
our water
supply 60 of those frogs became sterile
they're all male frogs 60 became sterile
10% of those frogs turned female and
they were able to produce fertile eggs
so it changed their
sex and of course normally you know when
you see something like that in an animal
model the first thing you want to do is
test it in a m Mamon model and then a
human model those tests were never done
so we don't know what impact it's having
on our children if any but I think those
studies ought to be
done with the current Administration
proposing significant tax hikes in
almost 40% top income tax rate a 7%
increase to the corporate tax a capital
gains tax on unrealized gains and plans
to add nearly $ trillion to an existing
$2 trillion deficit many are considering
tax sheltered and inflation sheltered
options for their Savings in this
climate Birch gold group offers valuable
assistance they can help you convert an
existing Ira or 401K into a gold IRA
without any out- of- pocket expenses now
listen closely this is crucial
information for our listeners September
marks the final month of an
extraordinary offer this is your last
chance to acquire something truly
special with qualifying purchase from
Birch gold group I'm talking about the
limited edition highly covered
one-of-a-kind 24 Karat goldplated truth
bomb but you need to text Jordan to 9898
98 to claim your eligibility before
September 30th don't wait for the
president's spending spree to tank the
dollar even further protect your
financial future with gold text Jordan
to the number 98 9898 to claim your
eligibility and make your purchase
before September 30th that's Jordan to
9898 98 today
I've been trying for 40 years to get
Republicans in you know Fox News and
elsewhere to pay attention to this
threat of endocrine
disruptors and they ridiculed me to
wrting me you know and just ignored me
Dr Carlson did an extraordinary
documentary a year and a half ago on
endocrine disruptors and basically said
all the things I just
said and he was abs absolutely attacked
by the left and by the mainstream
environmental community of this and then
you know the other big issue with the
mainstream environmental is this
fixation on carbon alone that all the
things that brought us into the
environment people become
environmentalist not because they're
scared of a of a line on a graph and you
know you're going to be dead after you
know at this point in history if you
don't
behave we got involved because of love
because of Love of of the habitat
because love of the environment because
love of our purple mountains majesties
our rivers and streams understanding
we're not protecting nature for the sake
of the fishes and the birds we're
protecting it our own sake because
nature enriches
us and this has been forgotten by the
environmental movement and they they've
simply become fixated on carbon alone
and that is the only
issue and you know I'm watching the the
outcome of that now on the coast of the
Atlantic coast of North
America if 21 offshore wind farms being
built it's privatized 5,000 square miles
of land between the Gulf of Maine and
North Carolina and they're pounding into
the sediment 2200 of uh car turbines
turbines are unspeakably large the just
the blades on those turbines are th000
ft long they're bigger than the Eiffel
Tower they're all made in China know and
when they explode which one did off in
man Tucket a month ago they put shards
into the water so you can't swim without
getting cut you can't go to the beaches
in an Tucket because of the shards on
they're killing the whale the nymphs of
national marine fisheries have have
warned that the that the turbines are
going to cause the collapse of the Cod
fishery because they're in the spawning
grass no the environmental movement
doesn't care they built these and they
are destroying the whale populations and
everybody knows it in two years we've
had you know on average there was about
four groundings a year we've had 109 oil
tests
unexplained over the past two years long
since
2016 we've been averaging 16 to 20 a
year and these are right wh right whales
there's only 368 left in the world only
70 fertile Fe
females Makey
humac whales and other wh large whale
species and they're being exterminated
and everybody's pretending it's not the
wind farms but nobody's there's no other
explanation there's been no other
changes and the um the Federal
Environmental agencies that regulate
this also regulate oil production in the
Gulf of Mexico the rule is that if
there's a single whale death within 50
Mi of an operation everything comes to a
halt till it's explained
they've waved that rule and they've
refused to investigate the death they
refused to do proper necropsies of the
Dead Wells to keep us in the dark about
what's actually causing this but
everybody knows what's causing
it and the big environmental groups the
inside the bway groups including my
group that I L which is nrdc but Sierra
Club and
Greenpeace they're all pretending it's
not happening you have the small
environmental groups on the coastline
the 17 you know these little
environmental groups that are going
crazy protesting and demanding
investigations but they have been
excluded now for the process and and
then you're seeing the same you know all
of
those these wind farms are all being
built by Foreign companies right the
foreign they nobody would build a wind
farm offshore wind I'm very much in
favor of onshore wi I've built onshore
wi my brother's in that business you you
know onore WI very efficient and very
very effective and we have the best
onshore wind in the world here in the
United
States onshore wind can provide wind uh
Power at about 11 cents a kilowatt hour
offshore wind 33 cents a kilowatt hour
the average price of energy in this
country is about 14 to 16 cents a
kilowatt hour onshore wind is more than
double that I mean offshore wind so no
utility in the world would ever build
one of these towers unless it wasn't uh
funded
billions of dollars in federal subsidies
and tax braks the foreign companies
can't because they're foreign they
cannot take advantage of us tax braks so
they
get the big Financial houses from our
country to finance them so they can take
those tax breakes so the the the big
players are Black Rock Goldman Sachs
Morgan City bank Wells Far all the big
contributors that Democratic
party and they are they've gotten the
tax breaks from the inflation reduction
act which was Joe Biden's signature
environmental accomplishment but it's
not actually protecting the environment
it's all about subsidies these giant
boond doggles for huge players that are
destroying the environment the other big
779 billion dollar of subsidies are are
going to carbon capture which is tearing
up the Midwest farmland oh this abon tle
to Big oil companies to Big methane
companies to Big A to take the carbon
from methane plants and then inject it
into deep Wells oil wells in the bachan
shell and in Southern
Illinois to bring out the last drops of
oil so instead of reducing carbon
they're actually increasing carbon in
the environment it's just this
extraordinary and it's $79 billion in
subsidies do something that is an
absolute bagle and there's no other way
to describe it I'll tell you one other
thing there's there
there's one of the byproducts of of
carbon capture is um uh is sulfur U is
sulfuric
acid which the Woods Hole Marine
Institute now has a contract to dump two
two uh 2 million metric tons of U of
this material which is destroys any form
of life it actually destroys your genes
and and and destroys at the cellular
level it dump it into the ocean often
then tuck it and uh and you know it's
part of this process and they're all
going along with it because they've all
been paid off and it really is kind of
it's sickening it's
criminal and uh it's uh uh you know and
that is somehow as I said there's been
this huge inversion where the
Republicans are opposing that
Republicans are focused on protecting
the environment protecting habitat
protecting our children from these toxic
chemicals and the Democratic party and
the the associated environmental groups
have forgotten about that mission so you
pointed to this inversion you described
the um failure on the Democrat side to
continue standing for peace you're very
skeptical about the environmental
movement in relationship to Democrat
policies you talked about Free Speech
I'm curious how you how that inversion
played out as well in your more personal
experience while you were running for
president because the last time we
talked you were more or less embarking
on your campaign and so I I presume that
you as a Democrat yes as a Democrat and
so I presume that and I know for for a
fact that you had all sorts of
Misadventures let say on the campaign
route so I'm curious what you
encountered practically speaking in
terms of impediments to your campaign
because you were as you as we all know
you were trying to what rehabilitate the
Democrats to pull them to the center to
put yourself forward as a credible
candidate so I imagine and and maybe I'm
wrong that there were things that you
experienced practically well because
you've been in the realm of abstraction
to some degree that you experienced
practically while you were on the
campaign trail that also what would you
say made you much more cognizant of how
the political process actually works
particularly on the Democrat side so
what what was that like well yeah and
that is the ultimate irony that the
other part of the inversion is the
Democratic party is now uh come out
essentially against democracy um and you
know dur I saw that
firsthand because I saw you know I was
not normally in order to choose a
president when my father wanted to run
in in 68 he challenged the president of
his own party just like I did but he was
there was primaries and he was allowed
to challenge him and it forced Johnson
to step down I think if I'd been able to
challenge into the same situation um
President Biden that he would have been
forced to step down much earlier because
he would have been forced to debate me
people would have seen his impediments
much
earlier and we could have had real
democracy you could have had other
people coming to the race not just me
but you know Gavin new and Amy clage and
pres vice president Harrison other
people would have
run but instead they just called off the
primaries they literally cancelled the
primaries and they gave um you know they
gave the election to President Biden
without ever coming out of the White
House um they did not want them to
debate clearly because they did not want
to see some of you know the public to
see some of these deficiency so you had
a kind
of apparatus that was running a
candidate who was is uh who was
unqualified for the
job and everybody now now recognized
that but they wanted him in there
anyway because they needed a figurehead
who could win the election and who's
they well you talked about the
military-industrial complex well yeah
but I you know I I'm not even going to
go into you know sort of the deep State
analysis but I would just say I don't
know who made the decision I you know
clearly there were people around him you
know and it could be Anthony blinkin and
you know Sullivan and even you know who
knows who else but who
were whoever was calling the shots and
you know there was a it was a really
really unbelievable moment at the or
point in moment at during the Democratic
National
Convention when Chris
guomo points up into the bleachers of
the Arena you know where the convention
was taking place and there was these
high seats the Box the owner's boxes up
in the upper rim of
the and he said those are the boxes that
are cost a million a million and a half
to be in that box right now and those
are the big donors of the democratic
party the corporate donors the black
rocks these kind of groups that are up
there the military industrial the big
Pharma he said we don't even know who
they are but they're the ones that are
making all the decisions here on the
floor and you know those that people
that ultimately
anointed KL Harris you know who I don't
think is I I don't want to be
mean-spirited and I've I've been very
disciplined about not name
calling uh to me it's a disqualifier to
be president of the United States if you
don't believe in freedom of speech and
uh vice president Harris has repeatedly
said that the first amendment is a
privilege not a right um that the
government has a duty
to censor what she calls
misinformation that that's not protected
by the first that's a very dangerous
word misinformation it's first of
all the first amendment protects all
speech it protects lies it protects you
know of not it was passed not to protect
convenient speech prot but to protect
the speech that nobody wants to hear and
when the government takes upon itself
the the right
to decide what's true and what's not
true then you have a totalitarian system
because of course it's going to you know
and we saw this during Co where the
government was really the biggest
propagator of misinformation of factual
factually inaccurate
information um that it then uses the
control of information to manipulate the
public and by the
way protecting lies is important because
a lot of the a lot of
the
the assumptions that we have about
life and policy and politics and War and
Peace and and the
economy um started out that that now we
believe as consensual truth started out
as as hypothesis or suppositions that
people consider dishonest or lying or
wrong or erroneous or misinformation
back then the whole process of democracy
Y is a dialectic in which you know new
ideas that are unpopular that appear
manipulated to
dishonest challenge existing realities
and in that dialectic you know in the
furnace of debate and the um and the of
dialogue of
conversation these ideas are annealed
and in a true democracy functioning
democracy they rise in the in the
marketplace of ideas and become policies
if they survive that
process going online without expressvpn
is like forgetting to mute yourself on a
zoom meeting do you really want everyone
to hear your unguarded opinions imagine
scrolling through your favorite websites
blissfully unaware that your every click
is being monitored it's not just big
Tech your internet service provider sees
it all and in the US they can legally
sell that information to advertisers
it's like having someone read your diary
and then auction it off to the highest
bidder expressvpn reroutes 100 % of your
traffic through secure encrypted servers
this means your ISP can't see your
browsing history it's like sending your
data through an impenetrable tunnel by
hiding your IP address expressvpn makes
it extremely difficult for third parties
to track your online activity that's why
I use expressvpn every time I'm
researching sensitive topics or
accessing public Wi-Fi in today's world
where information is currency protecting
your digital footprint isn't just smart
it's essential it's also incredibly
userfriendly just open the app and click
one button to get protected and
expressvpn works on all my devices
phones laptops tablets and more you can
stay private whether you're at home or
on the go but don't just take my word
for it express VPN is rated number one
by top Tech reviewers like CET and The
Verge protect your online privacy today
by visiting expressvpn.com Jordan that's
expressvpn.com Jordan and you can get an
extra 3 months free expressvpn.com
Jordan
nobody should be an Arbiter at the
beginning at the outset as to what you
can talk about and what you can't and
the and then and the the impulse of the
democratic party to censor debate is
part of a larger disease which
is which is has to do with centralized
control rather democracy and the
mistrust of the people the mistrust of
the deos which is the people which is
what you know democracy is is is uh
named after
oh they they believe that the government
needs to control what people hear so
that they don't become infected with
dangerous ideas and you know it was
dangerous ideas that launch the American
Revolution an idea that people could
actually govern themselves which was
considered a lie back then oh you need
and you know and they won the
Revolution and um and then you know our
nation has been about trusting people
and avoiding centralized um mechanics of
control and now the Democratic party is
all about the centralization of control
it's about surveillance it's about
controlling the flow of information it's
about top- down policies that um that
you know are dictated by an oligarchy
and uh and it's the opposite of
democracy and you know so I saw that
firstand and I saw it in the Democratic
party alone this is an irony from the
beginning our polls were showing and all
the national polls were showing or
almost all of them and I was hurting
president Trump and about 57% to 60% of
the people who said they were going to
vote for
me said that if I left the race they
would switch their votes to Trump so me
being in the race was actually helping
the
Democrats it was Democrats who were
trying to destroy my campaign who were
trying to you know sued me despite that
yeah and and it's very strange right
because I was helping them yeah the
Republican Party made no effort to keep
me off the ballot they didn't make
efforts to discredit me I mean president
Trump said you know obligatory bad
things about me that I was a left-wing
radical and all this stuff but they
weren't mean-spirited things and they
weren't you know there was no effort to
keep me from speaking um the
Democrats kept me from speaking that you
know and their Allied media Outlets when
when uh when Roso ran in 1992
Jordan he he had he was 10 months in the
race and he had 34 interviews on the
mainstream media on ABC NBC CNN Etc
right in the 18 months that I spent the
race I had two live interviews on and
how long were they I what how long were
the interviews well they weren't long I
mean the longest one was with Aon
Bernett which was I think 22 minutes
maybe 27 minutes so you got live
interview so they can't you know they
can't censor it if you do a taped
interview they cut out whatever they
don't want the public to hear yeah oh I
had two live interviews during during 18
months compared to 34 interviews in 10
months that he had oh they W you know I
wasn't allowed to write letters to the
editor to The Washington Post the New
York Times any of the mainstream uh you
know the sort of the democratic um
periodicals and or publish editorials
none of them I could not speak to that
constituency and you know that's really
why you know I had to withdraw
ultimately and then they wouldn't let me
on the debate stage yeah right and that
was a collusion too because if you had
the old debating commission that was run
by originally for the first 15 years you
know my uncle had the first televised
debate
1960 and for 20 years after that it was
run by the league of woman voters which
was independent unbiased and they had
their own rules for letting people in
they would have let me in under their
rules and for the next you know after
1980 it was run by the um the commission
on presidential debates which was also
unbiased and but now but President Biden
and president Trump said we're not going
to use the commission on debates now
we're going to make a separate deal with
CNN and we now know what happened in
that New York Times was reported in
their conversations where President
Biden said we are not going to be on the
stage with Robert Kennedy so we want you
to keep him off and if if he if you have
rules to let him on then we're not
and for CNN you know it's it's tens of
millions of dollars for that
debate and then they're G to get why did
Trump agree and they're gonna get
hundreds of million well you know he he
kind of he went back and forth on it so
the Republicans were not entirely good
on that but he did say publicly if you
know I think he should be on the de yeah
yeah I remember that and then um then
the same thing happened with ABC and
they adopted rules that that actually I
was able to reach their metrics their
thresholds but they still get me off the
debating
stage and that's illegal clearly it's
illegal under FEC rules you're not
allowed to deliberately exclude another
candidate from the
debate without neutral rules and they
you're not allowed to develop rules
specifically to keep somebody off the
debate
otherwise the made itself becomes an
illegal campaign contribution and right
of course and that's why you know uh
Trump's lawyer you know went to jail for
that right so they they what they were
doing was
criminal the FEC is an anemic
organization that is half of the
commission is Republican half are
Democrats so independ none of them care
about an independent and they you know
so they just didn't act on
it I you know about I don't know three
months
ago President Biden and K Harris uh gave
this statement
about Vladimir Putin where they said
they were ridiculing him because he had
won
the Russian election with I think he got
88% of the vote and they said well you
know that's because he didn't let
anybody else run against him and because
he controlled the media so you know
that's not really democracy well that
was the same system they put in place
over here so the whole thing was
uh was was an irony but you know that is
also the fact the Democratic party
abandoned democracy was another part of
this inversion that that has taken place
and that I you know my wife saw that
process firsthand and uh I think you
know it um it changed some of her
worldview and made her she wasn't happy
about me endorsing president Trump at
all um and did not want me to do it but
it became I think you know tolerable for
her where she uh um and that was
important for me to have her on board
right so can can I ask you a little bit
about what I've seen as a major
transformation on the Trump side and
it's allayed some of my concerns
hypothetically about the manner in which
he might conduct an Administration like
I think he made a major error in the
debate with Harris not stressing
continually the makeup of the team that
he's gathered around him at the moment I
I was with some people earlier today
about the fact that if I was an American
which I'm not I would vote for Trump
merely because musk said he would head a
commission on Investigation into
inefficiencies in government and to me
that like that's a stunning opportunity
because musk has shown time and time
again that he can do exactly that sort
of thing he has musk he has you he has
tulsey gabard he has JD Vance he has VI
ramaswami I mean first of all these are
unlikely Republicans to say the least
and they're also remarkable people and
so it seems to me that along with the
inversion of the Democrats that you
described and laid out in in multiple
Dimensions there's also been a
transformation not only of the
Republicans in the way you said but also
in the
trump in the team that's gathered around
Trump himself and so well I'm curious
what you think about Trump per se you've
met with him many times now and you guys
have obviously called together something
approximating a functional agreement he
obviously listen to you on the health
front but then there's these other
people that are surrounding him at the
moment too that seem to be well they
they remind me in some ways they remind
me in some ways of you they're not the
typical political players they're much
more entrepreneurial they're not they're
certainly not classic Republicans and so
what do you how are things going with
you and Trump you said a bunch of things
about the Democrats that were
critical but you haven't yet elucidated
your opinions with regards to Trump and
the team that's around him now so I'm
curious about your your sentiments in
that regard yeah I mean I had you know
multiple discussions I got um a call
from about two hours after uh president
Trump shooting in Butler I got a call
from a guy called Cali means who is
uh I'm really a genius who's been on the
the Forefront of reforming our food
system and you know dealing with the
chronic disease epidemic he and his
sister Casey me who did this
wonderful interview with u with Tucker
that you know introduced a lot of people
to them he called me and he said to me
you know are you interested in talking
to uh the Trump team about you know some
kind of a
partnership about perhaps unifying your
parties and he um and I said no
immediately and then
I actually called my family um members
and talked to you know a number of of
like you know my immediate family
members and
and um they said uh you should talk to
them my my wife said you know you should
talk to him but she was not thinking
about unifying the party she was just
thinking
about and he had just been shot and that
um you know my because I came from a
background where my you know my uncle my
father were killed by
assassins that it would be a
compassionate thing to talk to him but
my kids were you know you should talk to
him about you know um about hearing him
out on what he has in
mind and um so I ended up I then sent CI
means a text saying you know I'm
interested and then a few minutes later
I got a a text from a three-way text
from Tucker
Carlson with an unknown number that was
President Trump's cell phone and he said
you know uh will you guys talk and then
I said yes and a few minutes later I got
a call from president
Trump and we talked probably for 30 or
35 minutes and we talked about um a
whole lot of issues different issues and
you know about his shooting and and uh
about the issues that I was interested
in
and he expressed a kind of a at that
point was which was a
u a conformance with me on some of an
alignment with me on some of those
issues and we agreed to meet the next
day and we ended up meeting in miluk and
we had I think probably about two and a
half hours together and
um at that point we talked about the
food system we talked about the chronic
disease epidemic we talked about the uh
about the cons and the addiction to
war and I was impressed by his just uh I
would say visceral revulsion about the
Neons and about their view of an
Imperium abroad at a National Security
State at
home which go hand in hand because
imperialism abroad is inconsistent with
democracy at
home and um with also his appor for
censorship which he was again it was
viseral with him and I I think part of
that is because he's seen it in action
you know he's been the target of
censorship the same as I
have and um so then we agreed that maybe
there was a uh there was grounds to meet
on they wanted me to do something at the
at the convention the Republican
convention and I was not ready to do
anything and then after that I actually
contacted the Harris
campaign to see if she would have a
conversation with
me and she just said out right now and
then uh what why do you think that was I
mean you'd think a conversation I don't
know I don't to me it's unimaginable
that you know you wouldn't
have a conversation that kind of
conversation particularly because you
know my
um uh because the the race can be so
close it's going to be within two or
three points
and I had a a following enough that was
large enough to swing it one way or the
other and at least thetically um so you
know I would it guilt by association is
it something like that I mean I've had a
lot of experience democr so Radioactive
in the Democratic
party and also they you know they
believe their own publicity so they've
they're all reading the New York Times
and watching
CNN and if you're living in that uh
information egoism first of all you'll
never see me talk explain my own issues
what you'll hear is
that you know I'm antifa and that I'm
anti science and that I'm uh I'm a crazy
person and that uh I'm a lunatic and you
know all the other things that are just
are kind of the standard defamations
and and perjuries about me on the on the
Democratic control Media or a line
media so and they're probably believing
parts of that and you know um so who
knows that I can't look into her her
mind and and explain what what they did
you know why they did I I could
speculate a lot but you know what's the
point and then I continued having
conversations with the Trump
campaign and uh with President Trump
himself in a number of personal
conversations
imagine waking up one day your entire
world turned upside down that's the
reality for countless families in Israel
right now Community shattered lives
uprooted and a constant threat looming
overhead it's a stark reminder of how
quickly peace can crumble in times of
chaos it's not just about surviving it's
about standing firm showing solidarity
and taking action that's where the
International Fellowship of Christians
and Jews comes in they're not just
watching from the sidelines they're on
the ground providing real tangible
support now as we approach the one-year
Mark of October 7th the fellowship is
launching something truly remarkable
it's called the flags of Fellowship
campaign and it's a powerful way for us
to show that we remember we care and we
stand United on October 6th Church yards
Across America will be transformed into
Seas of blue and white each Israeli flag
planted represents aive lost a story cut
too short it's more than just a visual
tribute it's a statement to the world
that we will never forget you can be
part of flags of Fellowship too there's
a tremendous need for food and basic
supplies for evacuating families trying
to survive in communities impacted by
the ongoing War that's why we're asking
1,200 of our listeners today to make a
gift of $100 to help provide emergency
food boxes for a displaced family in
Israel Israel needs our support now more
than ever so here's what I need you to
do right now go to Jordan forthe
fellowship.org that's one word Jordan
forthe fellowship.org Remember Jordan
forther fellowship.org God bless and
thank you
and I ended up going to maral Lago with
Amarilis my daughter-in-law who runs my
campaign and we sat down with uh with
Don Jr and with uh with President Trump
and and Susie Wild's campaign manager
for several
hours and talk through these issues and
we agreed to do a Unity campaign where
we
would like they have in Europe where
there are you know where there um
there's coalitions where you don't you
don't give up your own independence or
Your
Capacity to criticize your allies on
things with which you don't agree with
them and and he was very agreeable to
that and on the things that on the
issues that we don't agree on that I
would continue to criticize him and he
could criticize me without
penalty and uh to our to our alliance
and that um that uh the issues that we
did agree on he agreed to make them
priorities and to um and to involve me
in some way in uh in helping to choose
the new government and helping
to give emphasis to the policies that I
was concerned about and the three
policies were Children's Health and the
chronic disease epidemic and which
involves the food system and the and you
know and getting the corruption out of
the the public health agencies out of
USDA um second handing the censorship
and and uh and
surveillance and number three ending the
uh the Warfare say ending the Ukraine
war immediately and um all of those are
issues that
he those are big issues had come to on
his own and
that I think he appreciated my in
insights on some of those issues and my
uh passion for some of those issues
and my knowledge about some of those
issues
expertise and he welcomed me you know my
involvement I mean one of the thing you
asked me about what I sort of had come
to discover about President Trump and he
said to me a number of things that were
very Illuminating one is that he and
Donald Jr um and JD Vance were
absolutely
um had extraordinary antipathy toward
what the neocons have done to our
country I was surprised about that how
knowledgeable they were and how
passionate
and JD Vance is a a soldier and so and
he his understanding of the Neons comes
out of his own you know service abroad
and his own um military service and then
Donald Trump
Jr I don't know exactly how he came
to his uh antagonism toward them but it
is uh it was it's very very
heartfelt that gave me a lot of
confidence as well that he's surrounded
by people who are close to him that are
in his family and that you know are
going to um are going to be involved in
his administration who agreed with me
and we talked at that
time about um and fact it was an issue
that I brought out up about bringing
Tulsi onto the team and um and they were
very very welcoming of that
idea and that of course another one who
had tremendous trouble with the
Democrats not only and and she
was the deputy director of the
Democratic National Committee y you know
four years ago oh she was a core you
know Democrat and a presidential
candidate democratic
congresswoman um yeah had a formidable
figure yeah and very very formidable and
uh and somebody that I like personally a
lot and have had a long and very very
friendly relationship with and
then um but he also said something to me
he
said last time that I was in you know in
2016 he said I I was uh uh we got and
and he he said we didn't really expect
that that was going to happen and uh
right obviously I was not prepared for
it and he said you know we launched the
transition Committee in in
January and I was immediately surrounded
by you know business people and
lobbyists and saying you pick this guy
pick that guy pick that guy and he said
and I did it I did what they
said he said I later came to regret it
and a lot of those people were bad
people
you know how he he talks about that he
said they were bad people and um and he
said I don't want to do that this time I
want to
do something completely different and he
said we're going to launch a transition
committee starting this week so normally
the transition committee is paid for by
the G by the general counting
office and you don't laun till after the
election but with him he got private
donors to uh to laot to pay for the
trans transition committee and he's
starting it four or five months early
yeah so that they can actually put a
government in place and then another
thing he said is you know one of the big
complaints against President Trump has
been that he's sort of a captive of the
Heritage Foundation and project
2025 and he said to me uh he said you
know project 2025 they keep trying to
stick that to me that I've never read it
I never heard it I heard of it until
people started telling me that I was
behind it and he
said that was written by a rightwing
this what he said to me and he
said there are leftwing and
there are right-wing and that
was written by a right-wing
and so in that way you know he
uh he kind of you know disavowed this
kind of
ideological um pigeon hole that they're
trying to put him in
and I think his administration is going
to be really interesting because uh like
you said he's surrounded by people who
are entrepreneurial who really are
common sense
people who want to do the right thing
for our country and you know I also came
to understand president Trump in a
different light and it's easy for me to
understand because I've been vilified
and demonized by the press and and the
view of me you know across the kind of
the liberal Landscapes is that you know
I'm this real
insane crazy
person and um and you know but a lot of
people I I I you know take that
for as gospel as
reality and you know I think a lot of
the things that have been said about
President Trump are the same thing there
are things that are are propaganda
tropes there are very simplistic
characterizations of him that Miss some
of the richness of his character and of
his uh of Personality yeah well that
seems to be especially the case now that
he has this quite remarkable team around
him so let me Steelman the Democrats for
a second and and tell me what you think
of this I I've have a number of democrat
contacts and they've been making a case
to me that things have genuinely shifted
um since Harris took the Reigns and they
point to things such things as relative
um relatively less emphasis being placed
for example at the DNC on the CL climate
crisis and carbon dioxide a relative um
shelving or siloing of the more radical
leftist movement within the Democrats
which in my experience they've dis
they've what uh declined to even admit
that that exists which has been a kind
of blindness that to me is nothing short
of miraculous is like is it possible
that there is a shift towards the center
in the in the Democrat Party and have we
seen that since Harris took the Reigns
and do you have any hope in that regard
or was your experience your personal
experience with their machinations and
the problems that you detailed out um so
comprehensive that that you think that
that what was that is that is too little
too late or not real at all I
guess well it's hard to look into
somebody else's head so and so I make a
practice of not doing it but what I
would say um is a couple of things one
is that
both Tim wals and kin i' I I made this
point before and then Hillary
yesterday who's kind of the bellweather
for you know who the Democratic
party is all have been very very vocal
about um about censorship about their
enthusiasm for government censorship and
about how they're going to crack down on
the social media nobody has spoken out
about the censorship now taking place in
Europe or in Brazil where do you think
see that as characteristic of nome's new
bill for example yeah the bill that they
have here in in uh in California but the
you know the ban on Twitter in in uh
Brazil the arrest of uh Pablo dero in um
in uh in France which is you know an
extraordinary event that the head of
telegram would be pulled off his plane
when he sued for refueling s and put in
jail and there's no reason to do that
because Europe is openly censoring
content already and and by the way they
do have you know PA der uh PA der is a
resident of abui and and France has
a extradition treaty with with Abu Dhabi
so they could arrest him anytime they
wanted and uh it was it seemed to be
like a a deliberate sign to the world
about if you mess with the machine you
are going to be chewed up and spit out
and
uh and also you know I think having to
do with Ukraine war
because telegram is widely used in
Ukraine and also Russia and there are Li
you know there are l serbs or groups in
Ukraine that are pro-ukrainian and in
and Russia that are any uh Ukraine
war and or you know or pro-russian in
that war and I think that that it was
probably a US instigated France has as
robust a an attachment to freedom of
speech as we have in our country
they in 1789 during the French
Revolution they pass all of these bills
that are still on the books that give a
that make freedom of speech sacred in in
uh France and then in the
1880s they passed another slew of bills
that reinforced and
fortified the tradition of freedom of
speech so it was as robust their
attachment of of of freedom of
expression as it is in this
country and yet they abandon it you know
overnight
and if if America really was the
exemplary Nation if we were the promoter
of democracy around the
world we would spend less time
overthrowing democratically elected
governments and more time
defending freedom of speech as it as the
Western democracy is abandon it we we we
would be objecting and we would be
saying you know this is bad for you but
it's also bad for Americans I
mean you had this you know somebody I
would consider an insane person Derry
Braton the commissioner of the European
commission he quit this week e oh thank
God yeah yeah who who threatened mus El
musk with criminal and civil prosecution
if he allowed know
without getting permission from
thear with the former president of the
United States who is the you know who's
the the nominee of one of our two big
political
parties you can't listen to him give a
live interview that he has to protect
the people of of Europe against that
threat oh and we should be objecting to
that the United States you know a real
president President Biden president or
vice president K Harris would be coming
out waving flags saying you don't do
that you know we're we're no matter what
no matter what no matter what no matter
what yeah it's absolute you do not do
that you're you're not a democracy if
you do that and calling them out on it
there was none of
that so I think that if you don't
understand that um that censorship is
incompatible with democracy that that is
a disqualifier for being president of
the United
States I worry that I you know the the
the things
said the the the things that president
that vice president Harris says she's
for seemed to be politically driven and
not heartfelt for example you know her
big promise you know her promise about
taxing
tips which he took from president Trump
and it was it was seemed like a last
minute you know I'm going to do this
because it's politically
Savvy her change on the border her
failure to explain why she didn't do
that that before you know the all of the
inconsistencies in that seem again not
heartfelt but politically
driven the big signature you know for
economic reform that she promised during
the convention to give every new
business in this country $50,000 gift
okay well you know that just is
laughable um because in in New York
there are thousand new businesses
starting a
day that would be 50 million a day just
for New York businesses and if you gave
that money there'd be 2,000 or 3,000 no
kidding that would be gained so fast you
could hardly imagine it and so you know
she's talking about hundreds of billions
of dollars a year and where's that money
going to come from and then you know her
other idea which is just a half Bak
discredited terrible idea about uh price
controls oh yeah you know and wage
controls every time that's been tried
has been a catastrophe there's no place
never done it right no it can't be done
right and so none of these seem to be
wellth thought out none of them seem to
be part of a a coherent and consistent
ideology or thought
process none of them seem to be common
sense and I think so I don't I think
that you know she did very well in the
debate but anybody can do well on that
debate who can anybody who can pass the
bar exam but she did it you know doing
that debate the bar for her was low too
to be fair the bar was low but you know
anybody can do you you can anticipate
every question that you're going to be
asked or 95% of
them and if you're surrounded by good
people they can write you up a good 90c
you know sound bite so she had these
90-second sound bites and she delivered
them well but I think her understanding
of issues seems to be an inch deep and a
a wide and that you know what I would
really like to
see is her going on long form interviews
like have I'd like to see that too right
and and and being asked a second
question a third question why did you do
this explain this how is this consistent
what was your
Evolution just asking the kind of
questions that any curious interview
would interview would ask and and make
her explain that and she can't do it and
this is somebody who's supposed to be
president the United States that are
supposed to be able to go toe-to-toe
with our critics around the world to
explain her vision to explain her record
to explain her her aspirations for our
country it seems like she does not
understand the uses of power and we're
seeing that you know her support the
Ukraine war and of nuclear war and you
know that the the risk of nuclear war I
don't think she has any
comprehension I I don't think she has
the ability to talk to foreign
leaders um I haven't seen any evidence
of that and I think that she is
susceptible to manipulation because she
doesn't have firm ideas about her own of
her own I think she's susceptible to
manipulation by the Deep say I are
people who want the war by the Neons
that run the white house now and run the
foreign policy apparatus of the state
department and I think I fear that
she'll be manipulated by them and that
those entities actually want a nuclear
war so like they did in my uncle's time
and like they've done for many many
years they want a confrontation with
Russia that will fragment Russia and and
give us access to its natural resources
and eliminate our big competitor you
know in the
west and all of their policies have been
bad that's a dire that's a dire
prognostication that's for sure yeah so
that's why I I'm worried about you know
her I I'm worried
she won't protect our civil rights our
constitutional rights at home and she
will allow herself America to be dragged
into um really catastrophic Wars abroad
and at this point in history I think
that's you know we've got the emergence
of all these surveillance Technologies
of the
AI this time in history if we get a
president like that um it will uh for
the next four years it may be too late
for our country to ever
recover attention men who still believe
the American dream in a world gone mad
the Precision five from Jeremy's Razer
stands as a beacon of Sanity five Blades
of superior engineering offer a shave as
unshakable as your faith that the
nation's best days still lie ahead
experience an exceptionally smooth
remarkably close shave and a testament
to the fact that Merit still matters
stop giving your money to woke
corporations that hate you get Jeremy
risers Precision 5 instead available now
at Jeremy razer.com walmart.com and
Amazon
[Music]
Prime so you you laid out three policy
areas where you felt that you could work
with with President Trump very
effectively Health speech and peace and
we spent a fair bit of time
concentrating on free speech and on
peace and War and I think we'll turn to
that more the peace and War issue on The
Daily we side in in the conclusion of
our interview but maybe we could close
up if you don't mind with the with some
more thoughts on the Health crisis
because one of the things you've done
that I think is unprecedented and that's
become perhaps more part of the public
discussion since you've teamed up with
Trump is to make Public Health a
political issue and so you talked about
the Public Health crisis and maybe you
could lay out the dimensions of that
crisis I mean I know there's an obesity
epidemic there's a diabetes epidemic
these are very very serious problems and
so but you've concentrated on that in a
way that just isn't characteristic of
anybody on the political landscape at
all and now it's become an issue that's
front and center and so I'd like to hear
more about your thoughts why you think
that's such a fundamental um uh priority
you know compared to say free speech and
and War and Peace why health and what
you see lay out the landscape of the
problem and also the landscape of
potential solution yeah
so we are now the sickest country in the
world but we have the highest chronic
disease burden in the world when my when
my uncle was President I was a you know
10-year-old
boy um about 6% of Americans had chronic
illness and today 60% to and my uncle
was
President we spent zero in this country
on chronic disease zero and uh today and
for many chronic disease there first of
all there weren't even diagnoses and
there weren't drugs available um today
we spend $4.3 trillion so about 95% of
our health budget
it's the biggest um and it's five times
our military
cost it's the biggest um item in our
budget and it is the fastest growing and
and not only that so it destroy it's
destroying our country economically
absolutely debilitating and all of our
other issues are small towards it if you
just measure its economic
impact it has other impacts 77% of
American
children are no no longer eligible for
the military because of chronic
disease and is that obesity related with
kids one of them you know obesity when
my uncle was present was 3.4% today it's
74% and what do you think is driving the
Obesity epidemic uh it's it's such a
transformation yeah I mean it's being
driven by poison food I um you know by
process Ultra process wheat sugar and
flour seed o
um
soy
canola sunra flour um and then uh and
then you know wheat and corn which are
you know
are um which are all all heavily
subsidized so
those 90% of farm subsidies the crop
insurance Etc go to those three
categories of soy coin and
wheat and um and those are the feed
stocks for all of our processed foods
they turn into sugar they're they're all
nutrient baren they you know the
original crops were nutrient rich with
the GMO corops are nutrient baren and
they're heavily dependent on
pesticides the point of the way that the
reason H GMOs are so
popular is because they're resistant to
pass the reason they're resistant to
pass right is because they are um they
are resistant to
pesticides like lios so you can saturate
the whole landscape with glyphosate from
airplanes and that only thing that's
green is GMO corn which is you know
which is uh Roundup Roundup Ready it's
called Roundup resistance corn and
because of that it's also very very
heavily Laden with with pesticides
wheat um glyphosate is also used as a
desant which means it dries out wheat so
it's it's sprayed on the wheat right at
Harvest which means it's going right
into the
food and when that began in 1993 that's
when you saw all the the appearance of
all these gluten allergies and celiac
disease and wheed allergies and that you
don't have in Europe you know you can
eat spaghetti here and you're going to
get eczema and all of these stomach
complaints then you go to Italy and you
eat it and you get
thin oh but here um and
then the corn is turned into high fr
corn syrup which is just a formula for
making you obese and
diabetic and
uh Americans you know diabetes is one of
the diseases when I was a
kid the average pediatrician saw one
case of diabetes in his lifetime so a 40
or 50y year career he may see one case
of juvenile diabetes and today one out
of every three kids who walks to his
office door is diabetic or
pre-diabetic and we spend more on
Diabetes than our military budget so
that is you know and nobody's talking
about this you know and and these are
the all of these autoimmune disease
diabetes autoimmune disease Alzheimer's
is a form of diabetes it's type three
diabet it comes from Poison
food oh um so is it is it the is it how
much of it do you think is the toxin
load per se and how much of it do you
think is carbohydrate it's a it's the
overload of sugars all of those grains
turn into sucros and and they're and
they're very low in nutrients so we're
Mal nourishing K you know you're seeing
high levels of obesity and in the same
people people who have high levels of of
obesity there's also high levels of
malnutrition the most malnourished
people in this country are the most
overweight right because they're eating
they're eating food
like food like substances yeah and then
that's a good phrase and then you're
they're they're covered with with
chemicals and pesticides plus some of
those are part of the food processing
but some of them are pesticides
Etc there's a thousand ingredients in
our food that are illegal in Europe and
other countries so we're just Mass
poisoning Us and nobody has chronic
disease epidemic like we do in our
country that's why one of the
reasons we have the highest death rate
from covid we we had 16% of the covid
deaths in this country we only have 4.2%
of the world's
population and so we did worse than any
other country and the CDC explains that
says it's not our fault it's because
Americans are so
sick CDC said the average
American who died from covid had 3.8
chronic diseases right right so it
wasn't Co it was killing him it was
chronic disease right and uh and you
know we had the sickest we have the
highest chronic disease burden we have
the highest covid death
rate and and then but it's not just it's
it's those autoimmune diseases like
rheumatoid arthritis juvenile diabetes
lupus Crohn's disease all this
IBS all of these things had suddenly
appeared in the mid 80s that you know I
never knew anybody with any of those
disease when I was a kid yeah right the
neurological diseases ADD ADHD speech
languag Tex red syndrome narcolepsy
Sleep Disorders uh Tourette Syndrome ASD
autism autism rat
in my generation 70y old men is about
one in between one and 1500 and one and
10,000 that's what it is
today my children's generation one in
every 34 kids according to CDC one and
every 22 in California so you know and
it is it is devastating our Our
Generation it's our economy it's going
to cause autism alone so there's a
reason recent paper by Mark blel that
shows it'll cost a trillion dollars a
year um by
2030 and then so then and then the
Allergic Disease again which I never saw
as a kid I had 11
siblings 71st
cousins I never knew anybody with a
peanut
allergy why do five my seven kids have
allergies you know it's so you're up
against some big some major forces in
fighting that particular battle I mean
first of all you have to sway public
opinion in that direction and then
there's going to be a massive Force AR
raid against any possible interventions
that's for sure so what tell tell me
what you think you could do and also
tell me why you don't think you would be
stopped well I think they're going to
try to stop us
but I've been thinking about this for 40
years so I know how to do it and uh and
you know I've worked
with Mark Hyman and Cy means and Casey
means and a lot of other people to
figure out how to do it without having
to go to Congress to do it all with
executive orders and policy changes and
you know I'll give you one
example I mean you can get floor out of
the water by executive order out of the
water systems all over the country and
that is you know that's a big issue with
public health and cancer
Etc but there are other things
like it would be very hard you never get
Congressional approval to to to ban
glyphosate which is causing all kinds of
health problems and Cancers all over
this
country and
so um but here's what you can do you can
NIH has a budget of $42 billion year and
it distributes that money to 56,000
scientists who are at research centered
mainly University in North America and
you know Canada the United States and
and some in
Europe and they're supposed to be doing
basic science but what they really do
nowaday is they do drug development for
the pharmaceutical industry so NIH is
now the primary incubator for new
pharmaceutical
drugs and it changed that that rule that
that changed NIH used to be the primary
scientific agency in the world it it
change that changed in 1980 because we
passed a bill called the B do
act that allowed NIH itself and NIH
scientists to collect royalties on any
pharmaceutical product that they
developed so now that they follow the
money and now what NIH does is they're
in a partnership with
Pharma they develop new products to
treat chronic disease and um and anybody
who tries to
study the ideology the origins the
causes of chronic disease that scientist
will be blackfall
forever and so what I'm going to do at
you know is change NIH and say we're
going to we're going to make the primary
purpose of this agency to develop
science on what's causing chronic
disease oh right now there's very little
science that says I corer causes
diabetes that's deliberate we don't have
that science because the agency does not
want to see that
science I'm going to make sure that
science happens not one study but not
just 20 studies but 100 studies that
show that now what happens when you have
a 100
studies there is a a rule in the federal
courts in this country called the dabert
rule and that says that if you believe
you got sickened by a product like like
say you think Coca-Cola made you
obese you can't sue Coca-Cola unless
there's at least a a critical mass of
studies maybe 20 or 30 that say that
that's what it does it's a liability
enhancer well the the judge has to make
that decision about
whether you've passed the dabert
threshold before he allows you go to to
go to a
jury oh in a big case like when I was
tried the Monsanto case I was part of
the trial
team um the big threshold is can you
pass Albert can and we had about 20
studies that showed that monset that
Roundup caused non hodin somea and we
had Mouse studies we had brat studies
animal studies bench
studies observational studies
epidemiological studies so a good range
of all different kinds of studies that
show that once you get that critical
mass then you can go to a jury and once
that happens the product is through so
when we we sued around
up we had 40,000 home gardeners who had
gotten non hutkins lym foma from using
round up at their
backyards and the way that you try
multi-district litigation you try one of
those cases at a time right one after
the other in Rapid
Fire till somebody says Uncle you either
lose them all and then you know it's you
run out of money because it costs a lot
of money to try a or you win them all
and the the uh the maker of that product
then has to come to the negotiating
table and and settle it we won 289
million in the first trial we won 89
million in the second the third trial we
asked for a billion dollars we got 2.2
billion from the
jury and then Monsanto came to the
negotiating table and we settled the
cases for 13 billion and they agreed to
take Round Up to take uh glyphosate out
of home gardening products M that's what
you do got it you once enough clian is
out
there you don't have to legislate it
against High fru corn there the lawyers
are going to come out of the woodwork
and they're going to be representing a
million kids with with diabetes and the
company is going to say we're not going
to make this product
anymore all right well we should you're
on a tight timeline um I'm going to
continue this discussion on The Daily
wire side I think I'm going to drill
down more into foreign policy and the
state of the world with regards to the
what Eternal state of warfare that we
seem to drifted into yet again I'd like
to talk about Israel and Gaza and about
Ukraine and Russia there's other issues
as well so if you're inclined to join us
on the daily wire side that's what's
going to happen and so um I guess the
other thing I'd just like to mention is
we're going to see each other again in
about two weeks at in DC I believe at
the rescue the Republic the rescue the
Republic yeah yeah that's been put
together by Brett Weinstein and
everybody should come to that that's
going to be one of
the if you care about the slide of
America into censorship surveillance and
totalitarianism you want to be at this
event because this is going to be like
the march on the Pentagon back in the
60s it's going to be the biggest March
ever the biggest event ever protesting
the uh uh this this really ugly descent
apocalypse for
democracy right right well all right sir
thank you very much hopefully the powers
that be at YouTube will let this
interview stand because they took the
last one down which I wasn't very happy
about so uh I
hope oh definitely I hope we didn't
transgress against any of the invisible
rules but uh we tried to so thank you
very much for coming to see me it's much
appreciated and uh well good luck with
your continued negotiations with Trump
that's quite the twisting turn of
Affairs and it's going to be quite
something to see how this all plays out
in the next 50 days that's for sure so
everybody who's watching listening thank
you very much for your time and
attention and give some consideration to
coming to Washington DC on September
29th for this rescue the Republic event
it should be quite the thing uh quite
the celebration that's how Weinstein
characterized it uh there's music there
as well as um speeches from people whose
ideas you actually might want to hear so
uh that's a once in a generation event
so you know make your way there thanks
again sir thank you Jordan
[Music]